Savi and Vid


75 Countries , 12 Years and 1 Dream of Bruised passports. This is what Savi and Vid stand for.

For Vid, his travelling insticts came from his father but Savi had realised her love for travelling when at 18 she boarded her first flight.
 The beginings very humble and they never expected the turn of events would bring them so far. What a ride it has been since!

From being schoolmates to being friends to finally falling for one another it has always been as one for them.
 They both are hell-bent on questioning the convention, chasing happiness and phasing out the negativity and clutter that define modern life.
 From meandering down forgotten alleys, spending hours climbing building or spending days in finding the perfect baked croissant, their travelling is unique.
 About 7 years back they started off with*Bruised Passports* their blog to help people know how to effectively go about a travel plan. They have been on it since.




Kamla Bhasin


Kamla Bhasin is an Indian developmental feminist activist, poet, author and social scientist.
 Bhasin's work, that spans across 35 years, focuses on gender, education, human development and the media.
 Kamla Bhasin grew up in different villages in Rajasthan that helped her to understand women's stature in rural India from a really tender age.
 Having earned her MA from Rajasthan Univ. Her first step towards reforming the society was when she started working with the *Seva Mandir* where she inculcated 
in her about how caste is endemic in the Indian society and how discrimination is a manifest. Having quit her UN network in 2002 she started full time with *Sangat*
 which made large scale educational workshops for Feminist theory and develope and awakening.
Her literary works about patriarchy and gender showed way to many and were translated in 30 languages.
 Her much acclaimed femist version of the popular poem *Azadi* is well recognised amongst all her spectators.
 Her stern believe in achieving and effective change is through sloganeering accompanied by community mobilization.
Kamla Bhasin really has been a guiding light to all of us and is indeed a living legend amongst us who has been working 
tediously towards uplifting the suppressed since decades.





*RJ RISHI*

From dreaming of becoming a Chartered Accountant to becoming an RJ, Rishi's journey has never been a smooth sail. 
But his impeccable sense of humor, quirky style and ability to connect with his listeners made him stand out among the rest.
 With passion in his eyes, he sets out every morning to reach out as many people as possible and spread happiness. 
RJ Rishi rose to popularity when Nescafe collaborated with Red FM for their new campaign #StayStarted which featured an RJ urging sleepyheads to 
wake up in a bid to get listeners to dial in.







*TANVIE HANS*

About the Speaker

Pivoting on her heels and kicking that ball to flight is all Hans has lived for. 
It’s not a frivolous task being a girl with high-soaring ambitions and too little backing. Born in Delhi, Tanvie Hans’ voyage from the streets of Delhi 
to White Hart Lane hasn't been easy. Born with a knack for swinging the ball, Tanvie has represented Delhi at U-14, U-16 and U-19 tournaments.
 What is unknown to most is the fact that she had to prove her prowess to all the haters out there by playing amongst boys.
 Yes, you read that right! Owing to the fact that a girls' football team was never given much boost, paved the way for her to play her sport for 
Tottenham Hotspurs Ladies FC in London! With the right kind of push from her family, she was able to shut down haters and how! An alumna of Jesus and Mary College,
 which boasts of the best women’s football team, she has given football her best shot and has truly succeeded at it. Being a British citizen by virtue of birth, 
Hans has been opportune to prove herself a wunderkind in cricket and has been an inspiration for many out there. The rest is history!


*RASHMIN PULEKAR*

About the Speaker


Pulekar has a way with two things: words and chess. Rashmin Pulekar is a celebrated soft skills trainer, mentor, motivator, popular public speaker and an 
international chess player. With a global chess rating by FIDE, a passion for sports and a secure government job, Rashmin Pulekar had his life sorted at an early age.
 But destiny knew that he had a much bigger purpose to serve through the course of his life. The life coach found his calling at an early age and since then,
 Pulekar has ardently devoted himself to serve humanity. He has counselled and motivated millions of Afghan refugees during the war of 2010. He has also been a 
speaker or the various prisoner rehabilitation programs across the globe and a mentor to many a youth! Pulekar also runs Mind Management courses for Chess Masters!



Dr. Hotta and Dr. Rohit

*About the Speakers*

Dr. Hotta and Dr. Rohit are doctors for India’s Border Security Force (BSF) who get to treat extraordinary people - India’s heroic soldiers.
 The doctors deal with soldiers who fall ill mundanely but what struck them as worrisome was the fact that an improper medical assistance was being given
 to these men at war; all owing to the unfavourable terrain. Medical doctors by profession, these noble men have stepped out of their niche and try their
 hands on something they knew the Jawaans were in dire need of. “TeleMedicine, their innovation, is an amalgamation of information and telecommunication
 technologies that provides readily available medical assistance at all times and places. The doctors have put their blood and sweat Ito make this mission 
accomplished and successful!





*Sanjay Prakash*
Sanjay Prakash is a renowned Indian architect based in New Delhi, who has influenced practitioners with his ideas and innovations. With a career, 
spanning over 30 years, Sanjay Prakash has developed various models of energy-conscious architecture, self-sustaining cities & towns, less resource intensive 
construction and developing a sustainable future for the upcoming generations. Over the years, he has integrated all his work with the practice of new urbanism and
 sustainability in his professional and personal life.

According to him, the definition of a sustainable future is, where the architecture is sufficient, regenerative and efficient. 
A future which breaks free the current ideologies of construction which involve high consumption and wastage. With this in mind, 
Sanjay Prakash along with his team of multi-disciplinary experts comprising mainly of architects, engineers and project managers from various backgrounds are
 working together to achieve their goal of building an efficient and innovative future.

